tikv: document periodic full compaction. (#15630)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

+ Sets the size of the connection pool for service and forwarding requests to the server. Setting it to too small a value affects the request latency and load balancing.
+ Default value: `4`

> ## raftstore

Author: fixed.

+ Default value: `0.1`
+ Minimum value: `0`

> ### `periodic-full-compact-start-times` <span class="version-mark">New in 7.6.0</span>

Reviewer: @afeinberg PTAL

> ### `periodic-full-compact-start-times` <span class="version-mark">New in 7.6.0</span>

Author: @Oreoxmt this one is not dynamically modifiable due via MySQL due to complex data type.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> **Warning:**
>
> Periodic full compaction is experimental. It is not recommended that you use it in the production environment. This feature might be changed or removed without prior notice. If you find a bug, you can report an [issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues) on GitHub.

```

Reviewer: @tonyxuqqi PTAL

> + Sets the specific times for initiating periodic full compaction. You can specify multiple time schedules in an array. For example, `periodic-full-compact-start-times = ["03:00", "23:00"]` indicates that TiKV performs full compaction at 03:00 AM and 23:00 PM, based on the local time zone of the TiKV node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Sets the specific times for initiating periodic full compaction. You can specify multiple time schedules in an array. For example, `periodic-full-compact-start-times = ["03:00", "23:00"]` indicates that TiKV performs full compaction at 03:00 AM and 23:00 PM, based on the local time zone of the TiKV node. `periodic-full-compact-start-times = ["03:00 +0000", "23:00 +0000"]` indicates that TiKV performs full compaction at 03:00 AM and 23:00 PM in UTC time.
```

+ Default value: `[]`, which means periodic full compaction is disabled by default.

### `periodic-full-compact-start-max-cpu` <span class="version-mark">New in v7.6.0</span>

+ Controls the CPU usage threshold at which TiKV performs periodic full compaction.

> + Default value: 0.1, which means that the maximum CPU usage for periodic compaction processes is 10%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Default value: `0.1`, which means that the maximum CPU usage for periodic compaction processes is 10%.
```

+ Default value: `0.1`
+ Minimum value: `0`

### `periodic-full-compact-start-times` <span class="version-mark">New in v7.6.0</span>

> **Warning:**
>
> Periodic full compaction is experimental. It is not recommended that you use it in the production environment. This feature might be changed or removed without prior notice. If you find a bug, you can report an [issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues) on GitHub.

> + Sets the specific times for initiating periodic full compaction. You can specify multiple time schedules in an array. For example, `periodic-full-compact-start-times = ["03:00", "23:00"]` indicates that TiKV performs full compaction at 03:00 AM and 23:00 PM, based on the local time zone of the TiKV node. `periodic-full-compact-start-times = ["03:00 +0000", "23:00 +0000"]` indicates that TiKV performs full compaction at 03:00 AM and 23:00 PM in UTC time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Sets the specific times that TiKV initiates periodic full compaction. You can specify multiple time schedules in an array. For example, `periodic-full-compact-start-times = ["03:00", "23:00"]` indicates that TiKV performs full compaction daily at 03:00 AM and 23:00 PM, based on the local time zone of the TiKV node. `periodic-full-compact-start-times = ["03:00 +0000", "23:00 +0000"]` indicates that TiKV performs full compaction daily at 03:00 AM and 23:00 PM in UTC time.
```

> + Sets the specific times that TiKV initiates periodic full compaction. You can specify multiple time schedules in an array. For example, `periodic-full-compact-start-times = ["03:00", "23:00"]` indicates that TiKV performs full compaction daily at 03:00 AM and 23:00 PM, based on the local time zone of the TiKV node. `periodic-full-compact-start-times = ["03:00 +0000", "23:00 +0000"]` indicates that TiKV performs full compaction daily at 03:00 AM and 23:00 PM in UTC time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Sets the specific times that TiKV initiates periodic full compaction. You can specify multiple time schedules in an array. For example, `periodic-full-compact-start-times = ["03:00", "23:00"]` indicates that TiKV performs full compaction daily at 03:00 AM and 11:00 PM, based on the local time zone of the TiKV node. `periodic-full-compact-start-times = ["03:00 +0000", "23:00 +0000"]` indicates that TiKV performs full compaction daily at 03:00 AM and 11:00 PM in UTC time.
```

+ Default value: `[]`, which means periodic full compaction is disabled by default.

### `periodic-full-compact-start-max-cpu` <span class="version-mark">New in v7.6.0</span>

> + Controls the CPU usage threshold at which TiKV performs periodic full compaction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Limits the maximum CPU usage rate for TiKV periodic full compaction.
```
